[Music]
hello and welcome back to SourceFed my
name is Elliott Morgan vastly Newton Lee
what are you doing my research according
to the CDC about 38 million Americans
drink too much so and you wanted to join
the other lemmings if they all jumped
off of the bridge would you no man it's
hard I get winded I feel like a lightly
but look good news I don't have a
problem because if I do then 38 million
Americans do - okay is that binge drink
you know will you have at least four
drinks in a single night or as I like to
call it lunch
that's what constitutes as binge
drinking yeah according to the CDC also
turns out that only one in six adults
and one in four binge drinkers says that
they've talked to their doctors or that
their doctors have talked to them about
alcohol pick up the slack Doogie Howser
what am I paying you for
well I mean I I mean technically
wouldn't it be the patient's
responsibility to talk to the doctor
yeah okie dokie Weiner stroke II but Dee
do you know what the problem is do you
know what the problem is
you know what the problem is too close
to my face
nah man problem is people don't know man
oh man problem is okay people don't like
to talk about their boost habits to the
doctor cuz one no one wants their fun
ruin including the doctors who tend to
abuse alcohol insulting - a lot of
people don't consider themselves been
drinkers they do for recreations
decorations recreation that even though
a study links excessive alcohol use to
eighty eight thousand deaths per year in
the United States and an estimated two
hundred and twenty-four billion dollars
which is like a hundred and twelve
billion $2 chucks Wow
feel like I need to cut down now no no
no man okay you only have like one drink
every Monday Wednesday Friday on happy
hour that's like three a week okay and
the CDC defines heavy drinking as 15
drinks or more a week for men and eight
drinks a week or more for women so
you're fine you don't drink more than
drinks a week yeah so guys do you think
that this news is going to somehow
change your habits in any way let us
know in the comment section down below
also while you're down there please like
this video and subscribe to the channel
if you wanna be Pelt's with news all
throughout the day and a fun and
entertaining minute we also have all of
these annotations so you can check out
as well as our five dailies stories
which we do Monday through Thursday and
common commentary on Fridays thank you
guys for joining us my name is Elliott
Morgan that's Lee Newton have a
wonderful day
[Music]